welcome to the man of recaps this is
Avengers endgame Tony Stark and nebula
are hanging out in space remember they
were the only two survivors of the snap
on Thanos his planet they fixed up a
ship enough to get here but now they're
dead in the water
they are going to die unless they're
rescued by glowing space angel Captain
Marvel she flies them back to earth
where indeed fifty percent of the
population has been snapped away but
they managed to trace Thanos his
location
so the Avengers are going on a space
mission Thanos has retired he's living
the simple life which is rudely
interrupted by the Avengers they
immediately get the gauntlet off this
time but what's this the Infinity stones
are gone
yeah Thanos destroyed them so the snap
can never be undone inevitable the war
immediately cuts his head off remedying
his mistake from infinity war but with
the snap irreversible the Avengers have
lost five years later the earth is still
reeling from this now put in a random
storage locker fate intervenes and
ant-man is blown out of the quantum
realm in the post-credits scene from
ant-man and the wasp II went in there
right before the snap and ended up
trapped but now he's out and sees the
devastation so he pays a visit to the
remaining Avengers and it's like hey
guys I think we can use the quantum
realm for time travel they go to see the
smartest guy they know Tony Stark but
his life has changed a lot he now has a
daughter he's not gonna risk losing her
for some crazy time-travel scheme so
they go to the second smartest guy they
know Bruce Banner who has now fully
integrated himself with the Hulk he
tries to make a time machine but doesn't
quite get it right luckily Tony Stark
can't let it go and he cracks the code
he says farewell to his daughter
cuteness overload they're planning a
time heist to go steal the Infinity
stones from when they existed in the
past and use them to undo the snap in
the present they need to reassemble the
Avengers and first on the list is Thor
who has really let himself go he's
hanging out with Mike and Korg from
Ragnarok literally playing Fortnight but
under his new laid-back attitude is
hiding a crippling depression next on
the list is Hawkeye who wasn't an
infinity war because he took a deal for
house arrest to be with his family but
he got super unlucky and lost them all
in the snap and since then
he's pin hunt a full John wick murder
spree and now the gang's all here so
it's time for some time travel team one
revisits the original Avengers movie
they watch as they give Loki's scepter
with the mine stone to the shield agents
who they later found out where Hydra
Captain America meets him in the
elevator it looks like they're gonna
redo the epic fight from Winter Soldier
but instead Kappa leans in and whispers
hail Hydra
he played them walks right out with it
unfortunately he runs into his past self
who assumes he's a shape change Loki so
caps gotta fight his past self I can do
this all day yeah I know I know he
distracts him with spoilers from future
movies and takes the staff to get the
tesseract ant-man goes into Tony's heart
thing and causes a distraction so future
Tony can grab it and go unfortunately
Hulk didn't fit in the elevator and had
to take the stairs
knocking the tesseract right to Loki
this is a huge problem because they only
have enough Pym particles for the trip
back but Tony realizes hey there's
plenty of Pym particles in the past so
he and cap take a detour to the 1970s to
shield headquarters where a young Hank
Pym has Pym particles to spare and also
the tesseract was conveniently in
storage there Tony bumps into his father
and has an emotional reconnection while
Steve catches a glimpse of agent Carter
who has his lost love back in New York
Banner Hulk sees the old sorcerer
supreme who's got the time stone but she
explains that if they take an infinity
stone from the past it'll open up an
alternate reality which will certainly
be a bad one
so once the missions over they've got to
bring them back to exactly when they
took team two visits Thor dark world the
worst Marvel movie Thor and Rocket have
to suck the reality stone out of Natalie
Portman and Thor swings by his mom's for
a pep talk and he has the idea to some
hidden yarn here he's got his hammer
back Black Widow and Hawkeye go to
soulstone planet where they run into Red
Skull who explains that one of them has
to die these two best friends come to
the agreement that it should be them so
they have a crazy fight where they're
trying to stop each other from
sacrificing themselves they end up in a
lord of the rings don't you let go mr.
Frodo but Black Widow sacrifices herself
for the soul stone the last team goes to
guardians of the galaxy one where Peter
quill is famously doing his intro
credits dance it looks a lot less cool
when you can't hear his headphones they
knock him out and take
Power Stone themselves but as they're
leaving nebula malfunctions because
there's the past nebula on the same
Wi-Fi she's still very much working for
big bad daddy Dan house he very quickly
figures out the time heist situation so
they capture future nebula and send past
nebula back undercover so all our heroes
come back to the present and the time
heist was a success
except Black Widow dying of course Tony
makes his own Infinity Gauntlet iron man
style but no mortal man can use the
stones it would destroy them so Hulk's
gotta do it fruity pebble rainbow power
and snap he does it with only a one arm
injury and it looks like it works
everyone's back to life but just then
Evil Nebula hacks The Time Machine and
brings Thanos his ship in boom missile
blast blows up all of Avengers
headquarters
everyone survives but in precarious
situations Hawkeye makes it out with the
Infinity Gauntlet which he gives over to
nebula not knowing that she's evil but
luckily past Gamora is already down for
a Redemption arc she frees future nebula
who has to then shoot her past self
which luckily doesn't cause her to
disappear back to the future style and
now the big three Avengers come face to
face with Thanos he's like wow I saved
the universe with my snap you guys are
really ungrateful when I get the stones
this time I'm just gonna wipe out all
life and start again from scratch so now
it's time for an epic 3v1 even without
the stone stano's is super-strong he's
about to kill for when what's this the
hammer Mjolnir comes to save him but
wait Thor didn't summon it it was
Captain America that's right he's worthy
to lift it and now it's hammer time but
even with the power of thunder Thanos
still kicks his butt the good guys never
even stood a chance
cuz Thanos has his entire army with him
so things look bleak for the universe
but wait what's this a portal opens and
Doctor Strange is back yes all the
heroes that were snapped are back to
life he opens dozens of portals with all
the heroes and entire armies this was
his whole plan uniting the galaxy for a
final stand against Thanos
assembl and now the climax of 23 movies
the epic final battle so much is going
on
you got to rewatch the scene a dozen
times ant-man does punch a space whale
though also a blue Iron Man shows up its
Pepper Potts Tony made her a suit at
some point and they kick some butt
together and star loads reunited with in
a live past Gamora hilariously she
doesn't remember her future self falling
in love with him eventually Thanos spots
the Infinity Gauntlet so the heroes got
a play keep-away they want to get it
into ant man's van time machine where
Thanos can't reach it so Scarlet Witch
comes to distract him she wants revenge
provision and she earns her title of
potential strongest avenger taking out
Thanos single-handedly nanos has to call
in an airstrike to get her off him which
puts the battlefield in chaos until the
shooting stops and the guns point up
what's this it's a bird it's a plane
it's Captain Marvel back from outer
space takes out his whole ship by
herself she takes the Infinity Gauntlet
and all the women of Marvel team-up
together alright girl power she's almost
there when Thanos takes out the time
machine he grabs the gauntlet but before
he can snap Captain Marvel's on him she
fights him one-on-one and he's winning
until he grabs the Power Stone and
knocks her out of there
so Tony Stark sees Doctor Strange who
reminds him that out of 14 million
outcomes only one do they win and Tony
knows what he's got to do he grabs that
oh sin distracts him for just a second
so when Thanos goes to snap
inevitable
waitwhat nothing happened cuz toady
grabbed all the Infinity stones onto his
hand Tony Stark snaps his fingers tossed
all of Thanos his army and once he
comprehends the magnitude of his failure
Thanos is blown away out of the universe
for good but the power of the stones is
too much for a human body to handle so
after a final farewell with pepper Tony
Stark has sacrificed himself to save the
whole universe there's a big funeral
with all the superheroes and he left a
projection will for his daughter gonna
be 3,000 what I'm not crying you're
crying
but life and the MCU must move on Thor
appoints Valkyrie as king of Asgard he
hitches a ride with the guardians of the
galaxy to hang with them for a bit and
they got to put the Infinity stones back
where they came from
Captain America takes that mission but
he doesn't come back because he comes
back the slow way by growing old he
decided to settle down and live a full
life he passes the mantle of Captain
America to the Falcon Sam Wilson who's
got to figure out if he's gonna use the
wings and the shield how's that gonna
work and in the end we see Steve Rogers
finally having his dance with Peggy
Carter and that's how endgame comes to
an end
[Music]